Create ui-c8y-1021-35-0-it-is-now-possible-to-hide-checkboxes-for-the-asset-selector.md (#2871)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-35-0-it-is-now-possible-to-hide-checkboxes-for-the-asset-selector.md

---
date: ""
title: Asset selector checkboxes can now be hidden
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60988
version: 1021.35.0
---

> The asset selector is a commonly used component that allows users to select one or more assets from a list. Previously, checkboxes were always displayed next to each asset in the list. With this change, it is now possible to hide these checkboxes if desired. This provides more flexibility in the UI design and can lead to a cleaner look in situations where the checkboxes are not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The asset selector is a commonly used component that allows users to select one or more assets from a list. Previously, checkboxes were always displayed next to each asset in the list. With this change, developers can now hide these checkboxes if desired. This provides more flexibility in the UI design and can lead to a cleaner look in situations where the checkboxes are not needed.
```

> The asset selector is a commonly used component that allows users to select one or more assets from a list. Previously, checkboxes were always displayed next to each asset in the list. With this change, it is now possible to hide these checkboxes if desired. This provides more flexibility in the UI design and can lead to a cleaner look in situations where the checkboxes are not needed. Hiding the checkboxes will not impact the functionality of the asset selector, and assets can still be selected as before.

Reviewer: @eniosultan "Hiding the checkboxes will not impact the functionality of the asset selector, and assets can still be selected as before."
How can I select assets if the checkbox is hidden?

Reviewer 2: I omitted this sentence

> The asset selector is a commonly used component that allows users to select one or more assets from a list. Previously, checkboxes were always displayed next to each asset in the list. With this change, it is now possible to hide these checkboxes if desired. This provides more flexibility in the UI design and can lead to a cleaner look in situations where the checkboxes are not needed. Hiding the checkboxes will not impact the functionality of the asset selector, and assets can still be selected as before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The asset selector is a commonly used component that allows users to select one or more assets from a list. Previously, checkboxes were always displayed next to each asset in the list. With this change, it is now possible to hide these checkboxes if desired. This provides more flexibility in the UI design and can lead to a cleaner look in situations where the checkboxes are not needed.
```

> The asset selector is a commonly used component that allows users to select one or more assets from a list. Previously, checkboxes were always displayed next to each asset in the list. With this change, it is now possible to hide these checkboxes if desired. This provides more flexibility in the user interface design and can lead to a cleaner look in situations where the checkboxes are not needed. Hiding the checkboxes will not impact the functionality of the asset selector, and assets can still be selected as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The asset selector is a commonly used component that allows users to select one or more assets from a list. Previously, checkboxes were always displayed next to each asset in the list. With this change, it is now possible to hide these checkboxes if desired. This provides more flexibility in the UI design and can lead to a cleaner look in situations where the checkboxes are not needed. Hiding the checkboxes will not impact the functionality of the asset selector, and assets can still be selected as before.
```
